# Bellabeat-Fitness-App-Case-Study

This project is a data analysis of the usage patterns and trends of the Bellabeat fitness tracker app. 

#

This case study will be following the six steps of the data analysis process:



### [Ask](#1-ask)
### [Prepare](#2-prepare)
### [Process](#3-process)
### [Analyze](#4-analyze)
### [Share](#5-share)
### [Act](#6-act)



# Scenario

Bellabeat is a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women. They have the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market, but to do so, they need to unlock new growth opportunities. Urška Sršen, cofounder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat, believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help the company achieve this goal. As a junior data analyst working on the marketing analyst team, I was asked to focus on one of Bellabeat's products and analyze smart device data to gain insights into how consumers are using their smart devices. My findings will help guide marketing strategy for the company.




# Ask

### Business Task: The goal of this analysis is to guide the marketing strategy for the company and help Bellabeat unlock new growth opportunities in the global smart device market. The ultimate business task is to increase sales and market share for Bellabeat's products.

### Bellabeat Products

> 1. **Bellabeat app:** The Bellabeat app provides users with health data related to their activity, sleep, stress, menstrual cycle, and mindfulness habits. This data can help users better understand their current habits and make healthy decisions. The Bellabeat app connects to their line of smart wellness products.
> 2. **Leaf:** Bellabeat’s classic wellness tracker can be worn as a bracelet, necklace, or clip. The Leaf tracker connects to the Bellabeat app to track activity, sleep, and stress.
> 3. **Time:** This wellness watch combines the timeless look of a classic timepiece with smart technology to track user activity, sleep, and stress. The Time watch connects to the Bellabeat app to provide you with insights into your daily wellness.
> 4. **Spring:** This is a water bottle that tracks daily water intake using smart technology to ensure that you are appropriately hydrated throughout the day. The Spring bottle connects to the Bellabeat app to track your hydration levels.
> 5. **Bellabeat membership:** Bellabeat also offers a subscription-based membership program for users. Membership gives users 24/7 access to fully personalized guidance on nutrition, activity, sleep, health and beauty, and mindfulness based on their lifestyle and goals.

### The Stakeholders:

> - **Urška Sršen:** Bellabeat’s cofounder and Chief Creative Officer. 
> - **Sando Mur:**  Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team.
> - **Bellabeat marketing analytics team:** A team of data analysts responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.


This analysis will be based on these questions:

1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?



# Prepare

### Data Source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit

 A total of 30 users consented to the submission of personal tracker data.


- **Reliable:** The data cannot be considered reliable due to its small sample size of only 30 participants.
- **Original:** The data set is not original and was generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk. 
Link: https://zenodo.org/record/53894#.ZCr07-zMJ-W
- **Comprehensive:** The data is not comprehensive as it lacks additional information, such as age and gender, which could improve the accuracy of any analysis.
- **Current:** The data is not current as it was obtained seven years ago.
- **Cited:** The data has been cited, but its credibility is questionable.


















# Process
# Analyze
# Share
# Act
